adjust defaults for prod best-practices and add dev mode (#1748)
apollographql/router: docs/source/quickstart.mdx

2022-06-29T22:23:25.774334Z  INFO apollo_router::axum_http_server_factory: GraphQL endpoint exposed at http://127.0.0.1:4000/ 🚀
```

> That's it! Running the Router with the `--dev` flag enables a development mode that exposes [Apollo Sandbox](/studio/explorer/sandbox/) so you can run queries against the Apollo Router.  This flag also relaxes some defaults to provide a better development experiences (like exposing subgraph error messages), so you'll exclude this flag when not doing development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it! Running the Router with the `--dev` flag enables a development mode that exposes [Apollo Sandbox](/studio/explorer/sandbox/) so you can run queries against the Apollo Router. This flag also relaxes some defaults to provide a better development experience (e.g., it exposes subgraph error messages), so you should always _exclude_ this flag when running the router in a non-development environment.
```

> Visit `http://127.0.0.1:4000` to open Apollo Sandbox, inspect the entire federated graph and run your first queries!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit `http://127.0.0.1:4000` to open Apollo Sandbox, inspect your entire supergraph, and run your first queries!
```
